# Bluevine Case Study Code Instructions

## Prerequisites
Before running the script, make sure you have the following installed:
- Python (version 3.7 or higher)
- Required Python packages: `requests`, `pandas`, `python-dateutil`, `rich`, and `logging`

Install the necessary packages using pip:

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

## Required Files
Ensure these files are present in your working directory:
- `solution.py`: The Python script with your solution.
- `books-isbns.txt`: A text file containing the ISBNs, one per line.
- `answers.txt`: A log file for the results 


## Preset Data
### Generate ISBNs List (Optional):
1. Uncomment and execute the following in solution.py to fetch ISBNs based on a query and save them to books-isbns.txt:
```python 
query = "action"  # or any other genre/keyword
isbns = fetch_isbns(query)  
```
### Fetch and Save Book Data:
2. After generating books-isbns.txt, uncomment and run the following to fetch detailed book data and save it for later use:
```python
    isbn_file = "books-isbns.txt"
    books_data = get_books_info(isbn_file)

    with open("books_data.json", "w") as outfile:
        json.dump(books_data, outfile, indent=4)
```
    

## Running the Script
To run the script, follow these steps:

1. Open a terminal or command prompt.
2. Change the directory to where `solution.py` is located using the `cd` command.
3. Execute the script with Python:

   ```bash
   python solution.py
   ```

The script will process the ISBNs from `books-isbns.txt`, fetch the required data, and perform the analysis.

## Outputs
After running the script, you will get:
- `answers.txt`: A text file containing the logs and answers generated by the script.
- Additional data files (such as `.json` or `.csv`) may be created if the script is set up to save fetched or processed data.

## Additional Information
- Make sure you have a stable internet connection, as the script needs to fetch data from the Open Library API.
- The initial run will take longer due to data fetching. If the script saves the fetched data locally, subsequent runs may be faster if they use this local cache.